and it is a sensation to return to my state of Maranhão
So, what's the quickest bit of
federal government actions here in the state of Maranhão have been talking to the
Senator Roberto Rocha dealing with this issue
and last year dear residents dear residents of Alcântara the
federal government dispensed 18 billion reais for the state of Maranhão we
do not look on the map to know if I was voted well or not in the statute here I was the
last State of Tocantins EA vote taking into account the proportionality
but here all of us returning or not in me we are equal we are Brazilians we have
needs and we want to evolved more and more
of that 18 billion resource for Maranhão is one, 3 billion went to health
to 190 million exclusively for beds and ICU does not justify Senador Roberto
Rocha any complaint that there are no ICU beds to meet our needs
maranhenses brothers the house committed the color 2019
and also gentlemen are certainly here a considerable part of the Lord
today received emergency aid for the state of Maranhão at the hands of the Lords
directly without going through an intermediary were 13 billion reais because
we understood together with the Deputy Parliament and Senator here
present who voted in favor on these issues that there was a need and
help those who, along with the pandemic, hear a lot of job closings
work and you needed something to help you survive and the government
so I repeat for Maranhão alone 13 billion reais at the moment our
team together with parliamentarians and we studied
is the extension for a few more months of emergency aid that I repeat the name is
emergency cannot be eternal because it represents a very indebtedness
great of our country and nobody wants the country broken and we know that the people
wants in fact it is work and together with this bench that this
present here together with people from the Economic team more and more we
we make life easier for those who want to work as well as those who want to employ
Hi today is the special moment looks like a simple ceremony but I have been for two years
and the same government ended the news of MST invasions does anyone have news of
flow of the month is so common in previous years the rare ones that had less than
10 in a few days or hours ceased to exist and how do you fight like
is that we fight land invasion that everyone who has a property
do not want it to be invaded in the specific case today granting the
property title those in possession there is no use you making a plan of
land reform and does not give a role in the end to show
and speak here the owner can say the following I will work this land the
that I do it will stay for my children and grandchildren
good then this way of working serving all the most humble
and I planted it once 30 How about rice is not easy I come from a city
dear small mayor also has less than 3,000 Eldorado inhabitants
Paulista six From difficulty to small cities and we must not help their
residents and this is a way to give dignity to Homem do Campo not to
politics with the humble citizen and there is no Portal price in your hands the
property title to say it's yours i can invest i can seek
resources I can do financing and improve what is now mine this is the
our work and the field goal gentlemen in two years of our government we deliver
more title than 20 years from previous governments is a historic mark now
it seems there was no interest in giving the title that the man without title just the the
he still possesses a man in a situation of almost slavery And every time I see you
hand over a title it lets you give up is priceless you be owned by
something and it all goes through each one of us so dear friends
residents here what they now receive in addition to the title of
15-hectare property also a title to a tenure of an urban area
thousand square meters with a residence congratulations to you you wait
largely over 30 years old almost half my age really looked
that that day was not going to come we thank God the Minister of Agriculture Tereza
Cristina who stayed in Brasilia and everyone who worked on this project
thank you all Brazil above all God above all
What's up
So [Applause]